wafcfg/README.rst, before:


`waf`_ configuration files
--------------------------

This directory contains configuration files used by `waf`_ to build `Code_Aster`_.
See the wiki on `bitbucket`_ for more informations.

It contains generic script (as ``intel.py``) and some files daily used to build
the last development version on EDF servers.
These files can be also used as examples for other servers.

This repository should be written for everyone. You can share your own
configuration files and/or use the others as examples.

The naming convention: ``<hostname or distro>_<variant>.py``

Note that several files can be used to build a variant.
For example::

    waf configure --use-config=intel,aster4,aster4_mpi --prefix=.....

This will define the compilers to be ``icc`` and ``ifort`` (including ``intel``),
load the ``aster4`` configuration and just add few values for a MPI parallel build
(through ``aster4_mpi``).



PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE the files related to the verification servers:

- ``aster4.py``

- ``calibre7.py``

- ``clap0f0q.py``

- ``ivanoe.py``

- and their variants.


.. _Code_Aster: http://www.code-aster.org
.. _waf: http://code.google.com/p/waf/
.. _bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/

Commit message:

[#21778,build] use automatic detection for most of libs
- run a small test which calls blas and lapack functions

- maths: MKL, openblas, blas/lapack, blacs/scalapack in MPI,
  add automatic detection of mkl libs (mkl64.py, mkl32.py should not be useful),
  openblas does not require any lapack

- mumps: automatically add metis if previously found, use last mumps version if
  not specified

- petsc: default value for petsc libs (petsc + optionally ml HYPRE stdc++)

- aster: --embed-aster by default (add --shared-aster option)

- add -static-intel (and -static_mpi if parallel) with Intel compiler
  if --embed-aster is enabled.

- better integration of OPTLIB_FLAGS (added globally on link command lines)

- wafcfg/intel automatically selects mpiifort, mpiicc and mpiicpc if parallel

wafcfg/README.rst, after:


`waf`_ configuration files
--------------------------

This directory contains configuration files used by `waf`_ to build `Code_Aster`_.
See the wiki on `bitbucket`_ for more informations.

It contains generic script (as ``intel.py``) and some files daily used to build
the last development version on EDF servers.
These files can be also used as examples for other servers.

This repository should be written for everyone. You can share your own
configuration files and/or use the others as examples.

The naming convention: ``<hostname or distro>_<variant>.py``

Note that several files can be used to build a variant.
For example::

    waf configure --use-config=intel,aster4,aster4_mpi --prefix=.....

This will define the compilers to be ``icc`` and ``ifort`` (including ``intel``),
load the ``aster4`` configuration and just add few values for a MPI parallel build
(through ``aster4_mpi``).

This combinaison can be replaced by importing the mpdules.
For example: ``aster4.py`` contains::

    import intel
    
    def configure(self):
        intel.configure(self)
        ...


PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE the files related to the verification servers:

- ``aster4.py``

- ``calibre7.py``

- ``clap0f0q.py``

- ``ivanoe.py``

- and their variants.


.. _Code_Aster: http://www.code-aster.org
.. _waf: http://code.google.com/p/waf/
.. _bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/
