README.rst, before:

.. Readme published for the overview of the Code_Aster SRC repository

.. note::

   This repository should still be considered under construction!
   It may be entirely re-generated.
   
   It have been rebuilt on November, 14th.


Code_Aster source files are stores in a main repository *codeaster* (not yet
published). This one is splitted into 4 subrepositories:

- `src`_: this one containing C, fortran, python source files and its build scripts,
- *tests*: most of the testcase files (will be available in the future),
- *tests_intranet*: few testcase files with proprietary datas,
- *data*: material datas that can not be freely distributed.


Other independant repositories exist:

- `devtools`_: contains helper scripts. 
- `i18n`_: repository created to share the gettext files for Code_Aster messages.


The size of the `src`_ repository is about 250 MB (for *tests*, it will be about
3,5-4 GB).

The main branches are:

* ``testing``: the frozen states of the development versions (ex.: 11.2.0).

* ``unstable``: the default branch containing all the history of the development version
  from and to the next testing state (ex.: 11.2.24).

* ``stable``: contains the states of the stable version (ex.: 10.7.0).

* ``stable-updates``: contains the history of the fix updates of the stable version
  from and to its next stable state (ex.: 10.7.5).

* ``build`` : the history of the build scripts.



.. _src: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-src
.. _devtools: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-devtools
.. _i18n: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-i18n

Commit message:

[repo] major repository maintenance: fortran source files in free format
Changes that are not only reformatting:

- [build] add OPTLIB_FLAGS to insert linker options after the static libs.
  This is required to use libs (as MKL) that require -Wl,xxx
  umat testcases need compile a fortran file, add F90 and OPTF90 in config.txt

- [#20869] i18n domain must use the new branch naming

- [src] remove compilation warnings on dll interfaces (umat, zmat, yacs)


Reformatting of source files:

- add person_in_charge with email addresses, remove the MODIF line

- .cata must contain a line with LIBRARY TYPELEM|OPTIONS|COMPELEM

- move all fortran source files into bibfor, with extension .F90

  * F90 means free-form + preprocessed

  * generic subroutines are moved in specific directories: op, lc, te

  * most of fermetur/* deleted, others have been moved in the relevant
    subdirectories, fermetur does not exist anymore

- add interfaces declarations, included in all fortran files

  * add real interfaces (bibfor/include/interfaces) that must be checked in
    future and fake/empty ones (bibfor/include/fake) to be able to build without
    check them

    - subdirectories contain:
      - asterc: Code_Aster C functions called by Code_Aster fortran functions
      - asterfort: Code_Aster fortran fortran called by another ones
      - blas: Blas functions called by Code_Aster fortran fucntions
      - med: Med functions called by Code_Aster fortran fucntions
      - mumps: Mumps functions called by Code_Aster fortran fucntions

  * waf use fake interfaces (bibfor/wscript)

- convert fortran source files, and include files into free format

- remove .para from command files of testcases, fix missing person_in_charge

- pass the beautifier on fortran source files: lower cases, max. 100 chars

- clean source files: add missing copyright in include, fix type in mpisst

- disable C1302 (double precision) in mumps includes

- remove MODIF lines in bibpyt

README.rst, after:

.. Readme published for the overview of the Code_Aster SRC repository


Code_Aster source files are stores three repositories:

- `src`_: this one containing C, fortran, python source files and its
  build scripts,
- *validation*: few testcase files with proprietary datas,
- *data*: material datas that can not be freely distributed.


Other independant repositories exist:

- `devtools`_: contains helper scripts. 
- `i18n`_: repository created to share the gettext files for Code_Aster
  messages.


The size of the `src`_ repository is about 350 MB (for *validation*, it is
about 1 GB).

The main branches are:

* ``default``: the default branch containing all the history of the development
  version from and to the next testing state (ex.: 11.3.24).

* ``v11``: maintenance branch for the version 11, starting from 11.4.0.

The main tags are:

* ``stable``: the last frozen state of the stable version in the
  current maintenance branch (ex. 11.4.0).

* ``testing``: the last frozen state of the development version in the
  ``default`` branch (ex. 12.1.0).

* ``unstable``: the last state of the development version (ex. 12.1.3).

* ``stable-updates``: the last state of the stable version (ex. 11.4.2). It is
  a snapshot between two successive ``stable`` versions.


.. _src: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-src
.. _devtools: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-devtools
.. _i18n: https://bitbucket.org/code_aster/codeaster-i18n
